---
title: "thoughts on thoughts"
date: 2025-03-15
lhayout: post
---

I apologize for that embarrassingly try-hard "deep" sounding title, but that's just what this is and dont mean it to sound as much like an attempt at profundity as it seems after reading it as written, that it must appear to be.  Having disclaimed any such intent, I do feel better about it.

Anyway the thing that occurred to me that I wanted to wrote was that I feel like there are types of thoughts or ideas that I have that ofyen manifest as written words: that of the executive function and reasoning that I feel ownership of and responsibility (or blame) for, and that of a more "creative" thought which feels more like a disocvery that I happened upon and feel some obligatiom of sorts to share.  That is, if there are a few lines of poetry ot prose that maybe came from my hand that I think are great, I don't mean to say it with any sort of pride or arrogance; I mean it like I'm pointing at this thing and asking "are youbseeing this? i just saw it here and I really like it and thought you might too." Is that even possible to say without coming across as pompous?

I mean this to come across as sincerely as possible (and laughingly I gave to acknowledge that its believability grows prportionally to how much you disagree with my assessment that any such example is "good" and worthy of sharing.) In any case it is true that one sort of text creation feels like me having done work and the other just feels like I found someone else
work product and more I think it good, the less deserving of any credit for it being so I deserve.   

This post, for insiance feels like work: the product of knowledge and reasoning in this case *about* knowledge just imbued in me, that is to say thoughts about feelings. The product is probably not great but the work is my own and I am fully to blame
for any credit or disparagement due. 

So please know this: if I post something that suggests or argues some sort of reasoned thought I would love to be challenged or supported wrt the idea.  However, if it is some sort of creative writing type endeavor, if you enjoy finding it that's teally awesome and why I spent a small amount of effort to create a post containing or referencing it, but if you disagree that there is any sort of value to having read it, well, that's cool too since I only found the words in some space of ideas that I dont really comprehend but just exist independent of discovery I think.  I just saw it, thought it was cool, thought you might as well, and thought I'd point it out; credit or blame doesnt belong to me even if it seems to originate from me. 

i hope this makes a modicum of sense. It is the construing of words of the "effort" type, so totally my fault.  
